QA (landing pages & reference) (#187)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/consumer.md

## What is a Consumer?

> {{ page.description | liquify }} Consumers can be applications, services, or users who interact with your APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Consumer typically refers to an entity that consumes or uses the APIs managed by {{site.base_gateway}}. Consumers can be applications, services, or users who interact with your APIs.
```
Fabian recommended just putting the description directly in the intro paragraph on one of my other PRs.
